.TH viento 1 "31 August 2017" "0.6.0"
.SH NAME
Viento - Cloud management utility build on top of Rclone.
.SH SYNOPSIS
viento [command]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Thank you for choosing Viento!
This program is designed to send your files through the clouds with ease.
Viento allows you to automatically copy files to and from local and remote directories, so all your files across your cloud services and on your local machines stay up-to-date! Here are just some examples of what Viento can do:
.PP
- Copy your music files from your Amazon Drive to Microsoft OneDrive every 2 hours.
.PP
- Sync your Google Photos with your desktop every 10 minutes.
.PP
- Backup your entire Microsoft OneDrive onto a local backup drive every 24 hours.
.PP
- Save your dotfiles to Google Drive every 8 hours.
.PP
- Keep Dropbox files up-to-date with Google Drive files.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.B setup
- Runs the Viento Setup Utility to configure Viento.
.PP
.B start
- Start an instance of the Viento daemon.
.PP
.B stop
- Stops the daemon.
.PP
.B enable
- Enables the daemon to run at startup.
.PP
.B disable
- Disables the daemon from running at startup.
.PP
.B status
- Prints the status of the daemon to the screen.
.PP
.B version
- Prints Viento version information.
.PP
.B force
- Starts an interactive prompt to force a specific draft to transfer files.
.PP
.B stats
- Shows some fun statistics!
.PP
.B help
- Lists these commands.
.SH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Please check out the wiki associated with the GitHub repository for more information, detailed instructions, a change log, tips and tricks, and more.
Follow this link
.I https://github.com/tgsachse/viento/wiki
to view the wiki.
.SH AUTHOR
Author: Tiger Sachse
.I tgsachse@gmail.com
.SH SEE ALSO
rclone(1)
